# 1.5.1-Human-Computer-Interaction
This 1.5.1 lesson teaches us about how to analyze certain UI templates

Essay 
1.5.1 - Human-Computer Interaction
For our assignment, we chose an article relating to the topic of extending human capability. The article describes a new technology that could be incredibly helpful once the required testing is completed. Given the name Ultromics, this new innovation is an artificial intelligence that is able to recognize and diagnose heart and cancer patients. According to the article, the artificial intelligence system “was trained to identify potential problems by being fed the scans of 1,000 patients who Prof Leeson had treated over the past seven years, along with information about whether they went on to have heart problems” (Ghosh, n.p.). This process allowed the artificial intelligence to learn and understand the problems it would need to solve when diagnosing patients. As complex as an artificial intelligence is, its impacts on individuals and society are incredibly clear. In the article, it is stated that “Dr Kadir estimates that the lung cancer diagnosis system could save £10bn if it was adopted in the US and the European Union” (Ghosh, n.p.). This would have a significant impact on society, as the money and resources that were saved could be put to use improving other aspects of society. Furthermore, the efficiency of cancer detection would increase even though it would be where money is saved. The impact would also be seen on an individual level, as it is described that the system can effectively detect and report any harmless cases (Ghosh, n.p.). This allows those that were being tested to receive their results faster and with more certainty, helping them to return to their daily lives. Overall, this development of an AI system would cause an impact on individuals and society, as long as it is successfully tested and the costs of production and maintenance are not too high.
Ghosh, Pallab. “AI Early Diagnosis Could Save Heart and Cancer Patients.” BBC News, BBC, 2 Jan. 2018, www.bbc.com/news/health-42357257.
